Add one month out post (#2354)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2025/news/one-month-out.md

**[Submit your project here!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeHMZ1uXTfnT0HMm-KfsgxYV1w3tmS7bMPtBx4H9cktJpSrdg/viewform?usp=dialog)**

![Speaker Q&A](/_static/conf/images/headers/Speaker-Photo-2.jpg)

## How Do I Participate in the Conference? 

There are a number of ways to engage in the conference. You can contribute to a Writing Day project, listen to Speaker Talks, facilitate an Unconference session, chat with our Sponsors, join us on the Hike, or become a volunteer!

View our [Attendee Guide](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2025/attendee-guide/) for strategies and tips on how to get plugged in and connect with others!

View our [Schedule](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2025/schedule/) page for exact times of the conference.

Additionally, we still have a couple volunteer shifts available. If you'd like to be a part of making the conference a success, complete the [Volunteer application](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfmogqirct-3eZyskVTDkx20406K3nRET78T2WSWEvz_fHPCQ/viewform?usp=sf_link) today.

## Travel Cancellation Policy

> Unfortunately, our government is making it unsafe for some of our international community to travel to the United States. If you need to cancel travel due to these circumstances, we will waive the 10% cancellation fee and offer a 100% ticket refund. We request two weeks' notice for cancellations so we can properly staff and cater the conference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, international travel to the United States has become more complex for many in our community. If you need to cancel travel due to these circumstances, we will waive the 10% cancellation fee and offer a 100% ticket refund. Our [refund policy](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2025/tickets/#refund-policy) on our website has been updated to reflect this.
```
